# Automatic-rail-car
The input devices of this circuit are three limit switches, two photoelectric switches, one distance switch, and one row of dial switches. The output device is composed of two stepper motors, one DC motor and two relays. There are four rows of DIP switches on this circuit. It is used to adjust the system to start running time. Dial 1 is half an hour, dial 2 is one hour, dial 3 is two hours, dial 4 is four hours, if dialing 1 and 2 After one and a half hours of operation, the system will run after starting. If you dial 2 and 4, it will run five hours later. After all the dialing, it will start running after seven and a half hours. 

After the system is powered on, the power light is on, the system starts to time, and the timing light is on when the timing starts. The precondition for timing is that the left and right limit switches must have an action to start timing. The two simultaneous actions and no action can not start timing, and the timing indicator lights up. The system time has started to run. The first one is the left and right stepping motor running. At the same time, the running relay also touches the running indicator light, and the timing indicator is off. The stepping motor selects the running direction according to the left and right limit switches, and the stepping motor runs to the left when the right limit is operated, and the stepping motor runs to the right when the left limit is actuated. The stepper motor runs until another limiter action stops and starts to start the system timing next time. 

The running relay is also started when the system starts to run to the limit action. When the stepping motor stops, the relay misoperation running indicator is also off. When the left and right stepping motor is running, the left and right photoelectric switches are activated, and the left and right stepping motors are stopped (the running relays are still kept in contact). After 2 seconds, the upper and lower stepping motors and the DC motor start to run at the same time, the upper and lower stepping motors and the DC motor. It is also operated with the upper limit switch and the lower distance switch. 

When the upper limit is activated, the stepper motor and the DC motor start to drive down. When the lower distance switch is actuated, the stepper motor and the DC motor start to travel upward. When the upper and lower stepping motor and DC motor are running, the upper and lower relays are also closed, and the upper and lower indicators are also illuminated. When the stepping motor and the DC motor drive down, the upper and lower photoelectric switches operate. The stepping motor and the DC motor stop running. After staying for 5 seconds, the line continues to go down, and the upper and lower photoelectric switches are operated again. It stays for 5 seconds and continues to the next distance switch action. , stop down, the two motors go straight up. 

When you encounter the photoelectric switch on the upside, you don't need to stay again and go up to the upper limit position to stop the upward movement (the upper and lower relays are also lost, the upper and lower indicators are also off). After 2 seconds, the left and right stepping motors start to drive in the original direction. Left and right photoelectric switch action, repeat the above-mentioned up and down driving steps, continue to drive left and right to another left and right limit action and stop running (running relay is lost, running indicator is also off) start timing (time light is on) ready to go in another direction Run the work and repeat the work. 
There is also a system running test button, which is a test system that can be tested at any time. When the button is normal, the button will start to move the motor to the left and right. The left and right photoelectric switches will stop, and the upper and lower motors will be operated. The upper and lower photoelectric switches will stop and go, and the lower distance switch will directly go up to the limit. The position stops, continues to drive to the limit switch, stops, and starts timing. The four indicators are used to observe the operation of the system. Two relays are used for subsequent function expansion.
